# **Terms and Conditions Trisbee.com - Sale of Tickets**

## **SECTION 1 -- INTRODUCTION AND BASIC TERMS**

### **1.1. Who shall comply with these Terms and Conditions?**

**1.** **Trisbee s.r.o.**, with its registered office in Prague 6, Vokovice, K Červeném vrchu 678/1, postal code 160 00, Commercial Registration No.: 04775660, registered in the Commercial Register of the Municipal Court in Prague under file number C 306886 (hereinafter referred to as "**Trisbee**"), as payment service provider and ticket agent.

**2.** **Any entity that enters into an agreement with Trisbee on the mediation of tickets sale** to third parties, for events organized
by such entity (hereinafter referred to as the "**Promoter**").
Each Promoter shall be properly identified in the event
description, including the contacts thereto.

**3.** **Any person who intends to use the option of purchasing tickets for an event organized by the Promoter through Trisbee** and for this purpose expresses their consent to these Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as the "**Buyer**").

### **1.2. What do these Terms and Conditions provide for?**

**1.2.1.** These Terms and Conditions govern the rights and obligations of
Trisbee, of the Promoter and of the Buyer arising in connection with
mediation of ticket sales by Trisbee to the Buyer, for cultural,
sporting or other events organized by the Promoter (hereinafter
referred to as "**Event(s)**").

**1.2.2.** Trisbee offers tickets for the Promoters\' Events on its
website **goforboom.com** and arranges for their production,
sale and delivery to the Buyers, thus on behalf of the Promoter
(Trisbee acts as the sales agent) and for the account thereof, under a
mandate granted in accordance with the contract concluded between
Trisbee and the Promoter.

**1.2.3.** By purchasing a ticket, the Buyer acknowledges that the
Promoter is the person organizing the Event, not Trisbee. The Promoter
shall be responsible for holding of the Event and/or for any changes
thereof, as well as for notifying the Buyer of any failure to hold the
Event or of any changes thereto. The Promoter reserves the right to
make changes regarding the Event, its program, date or venue. The
Buyer acknowledges this right of the Promoter too. Trisbee shall be in
no way responsible for timeliness of information about the Event
organized by the Promoter on the Promoter's website in events where
the Promoter does not notify Trisbee of the failure to hold the Event
or of changes thereto.

**1.2.4.** Trisbee does not provide payment services to the Provider when
mediating the sale of tickets.

**1.2.5.** The Buyers\' payments for purchased tickets to the Promoter\'s
Event shall be credited to the Trisbee's bank account. The settlement
of the received transactions between Trisbee and the Promoter shall be
subsequently carried out in accordance with the agreement of the
Parties (Ticket Agency Agreement) and with these Terms and Conditions.

**1.2.6.** These Terms and Conditions form an integral part of the
contract concluded between the Promoter and the Buyer as the person
purchasing tickets to an Event through Trisbee. These Terms and
Conditions also form an integral part of the Ticket Agency Agreement
concluded between the Promoter and Trisbee.

### SECTION 2 - RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE BUYER

## 2.1. How to buy a ticket?

**2.1.1.** The Buyer selects the Event which they want to purchase
ticket(s) for on the goforboom.com website; the selection shall
move them to the section describing in detail the Event and indicating
specific conditions of the Event (date, venue, ticket price, etc.)
including conditions relating to the purchased ticket(s). In this
section (detailed description of the Event), the Buyer shall fill in
their identification data, type and number of tickets to be bought
(number of tickets per one Buyer may be limited by the Promoter) and/or
other data that may be necessary to enable the Buyer\'s participation in
the Event (e.g. age), and using the "Buy tickets" (Zakoupit vstupenky)
button shall confirm their interest in buying the ticket(s) in question.

**2.1.2.** By confirming the "Buy tickets" (Zakoupit vstupenky) button,
the Buyer confirms that they have read all published conditions of the
Event and these Terms and Conditions, as well as the Personal Data
Protection Policy and agree therewith.

**2.1.3.** Once all the necessary identification data are filled in and
the type and number of tickets are entered, the Buyer is asked on the
next page to select a payment method and to perform payment for the
ticket(s). If the payment is then properly credited to the Trisbee's
bank account, the ticket is reimbursed in full.

**2.1.4.** After payment of the ticket price, the Buyer receives (by
e-mail or by text message, if applicable) a confirmation of the ticket
purchase and a unique identifier of the purchased ticket. The ticket
identifier becomes active upon payment of the ticket price according to
Article 2.1.3. hereof, and subsequently serves as an entrance ticket to
the Event. The Buyer produces the ticket identifier when entering the
Event.

**2.1.5.** The purchase contract (in this case so-called leisure-time
activity contract) mediated by Trisbee is concluded between the Promoter
and the Buyer upon payment of the ticket price, provided that Trisbee
sends to the Buyer a confirmation of the ticket(s) purchase according to
Article 2.1.4. hereof, thus in the manner chosen by the Buyer (email or
text message) and to the contact specified thereby.

**2.1.6.** By purchasing a ticket, i.e. by concluding the contract, the
Buyer undertakes to comply with all rules and instructions of the
Promoter relating to the relevant Event. The Promoter may update,
specify or change the conditions of the Event, or cancel the Event any
time before the Event takes place. The Buyers are informed about such
circumstance by email. Trisbee (as a ticket agent) is in no way liable
for any material or non-material damage that may be incurred by a Buyer
in connection with participation in or non-participation in the Event or
in connection with the failure to hold the Event.

### 2.2. Claims

**2.2.1.** In accordance with the provisions of § 1837 letter j) Act.
No. 89/20212 Coll. (Civil Code), the Buyer is not entitled to withdraw
from the contract for the purchase of tickets, as it is a leisure-time
activity contract.

**2.2.2.** The purchased ticket(s) cannot be returned or exchanged; the
Buyer is not entitled to a refund of the entrance fee if they cannot
participate in the selected Event, for whatever reason. This provision
applies, unless otherwise specified by the Promoter for a specific
Event.

**2.2.3.** Trisbee shall not be liable for non-delivery of the ticket(s)
(unique ticket identifier(s)) for an Event to the e-mail box designated
by the Buyer for reasons attributable to the Buyer, such as full e-mail
box, spam filter, incorrectly entered e-mail address, etc. If the Buyer
have not received the repaid ticket(s) (unique ticket identifier(s))
​​to the e-mail box within 24 hours upon purchase of the ticket(s)
according to Article 2.1.4. hereof, the Buyer should contact Trisbee and
follow the instructions (varying depending on the specific situation)
given by Trisbee thereto. If the ticket is not even then successfully
delivered to the Buyer, or if the Event has already taken place in the
meantime, Trisbee shall return the amount of the paid ticket price to
the Buyer.

**2.2.4.** In the case that the date of the Event is changed by the
Promoter or the Event is canceled entirely, the Buyer has the right to
claim a refund of the ticket(s) price with the Promoter, or to obtain a
voucher for future purchase of ticket(s). This right shall be exercised
by the Buyer either directly with the Event Promoter or through Trisbee
without undue delay, no later than within 5 days from the original date
of the Event, provided that the ticket(s) has/have not been used by the
Buyer yet. The Buyer\'s right to a refund of the paid ticket price or to
an issuance of a voucher for the amount of the original ticket price
according to the previous sentence shall be settled by the Promoter or
by Trisbee (in case of Trisbee, always only up to the amount of funds
made available to Trisbee from the Promoter, i.e. to the amount of funds
acquired from the sale of tickets from Buyers that Trisbee has not sent
to the Promoter yet.

**2.2.5.** In case of any questions regarding the purchase of ticket(s)
or claims thereof the Buyers may address Trisbee at
[[support\@goforboom.com]](mailto:support@goforboom.com).

## **SECTION 3 - RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PROMOTER**

**3.1.** This part of the Terms and Conditions governs the contractual
relationship between the Promoter as the organizer of the Event and
Trisbee as the ticket agent for the Promoter\'s Events, and applies at
all times, unless otherwise expressly agreed between Trisbee and the
Promoter. The subject of the agreement between Trisbee and the Promoter
is Trisbee\'s obligation to mediate the sale of tickets for the
Promoter\'s Event, for which the Promoter undertakes to pay an agreed
fee to Trisbee.

**3.2.** Trisbee and the Promoter shall always agree on the specific
requirements of the Promoter regarding mediation of the tickets sale for
an Event and promotion of a Promoter\'s Event. They shall also agree on
the subject and scope of their cooperation - all the Event conditions
such as the date and venue, etc., quantity of tickets offered for sale
through Trisbee, the date of commencement and termination of online
tickets sale, individual types and prices of tickets, the conditions for
promoting of the Event on the Trisbee website designated for this
purpose and other conditions. Such an agreement may be made orally or in
written or upon mutually confirmed email messages; together with these
Terms and Conditions such an agreement shall constitute a contract
concluded between the Parties. Unless Trisbee and the Promoter agree
otherwise regarding the promotion of an Event, it is understood that
Trisbee may promote the Promoter\'s Event independently and, at the same
time, that Trisbee may promote its participation in the Event too.

**3.3.** Trisbee is entitled to refuse mediation of ticket sales in
respect of any Event the content of which is incompatible with Trisbee's
business intentions or general attitudes and interests. The mediation of
any already running sale of tickets for an Event may be terminated for
the same reason, provided that the incompatibility of interests could
not be objectively ascertained from the information provided by the
Promoter at the conclusion of the contract.

**3.4.** Unless Trisbee and the Promoter agree otherwise, the Promoter
undertakes to ensure:

a) that the website operated thereby and containing the promotion of the Event, contains the Trisbee logo, thus at least on the page referring to the sale of tickets for the Event(s),

b) that, as part of the purchase of a ticket for an Event, the sale of which is mediated by Trisbee, the website operated thereby provides link to the website goforboom.com/and thus allows to the Buyer direct access to the Trisbee sales system,

c) that, in the event that the Promoter uses means of an Event promotion other than just the Internet, it is always stated in such other means of promotion that the tickets for the Event can be purchased via Trisbee (goforboom.com),

d) that the Trisbee logo (or name) is displayed on all social networks and other websites operated by the Promoter for the purpose of an Event promotion, together with a direct link to the goforboom.com website, thus allowing to the Buyer direct access to the Trisbee sales system,

e) at least 4 free tickets to an Event for Trisbee for promotional purposes,

f) that the conditions of sale of tickets for an Event distributed by other ticket sellers, who have an agreement concluded with the Promoter for this purpose, are comparable to the conditions of sale of tickets through Trisbee and that their ticket prices are not lower than the ticket prices for the Event sold through Trisbee.

For non-compliance with the above obligations, the Promoter undertakes
to pay to Trisbee a contractual penalty in the amount of CZK 100,000 for
each individual breach of obligation, thus within the period specified
in the Trisbee's written call sent to the Promoter's contact address
specified thereby. Payment of the contractual penalty pursuant to this
provision shall not affect Trisbee\'s right to compensation for any
damage incurred thereto in excess of the amount of the contractual
penalty.

**3.5.** Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, Trisbee is
entitled to place a marketing communication/advertisement on the tickets
for the Promoter\'s Event, thus at Trisbee's own discretion and
according to its needs.

**3.6.** Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, the sale of
tickets shall be normally terminated by sellout of all tickets for the
Event intended for sale via Trisbee or by the time the Event begins.
Trisbee undertakes to provide the Promoter without undue delay upon
termination of the online tickets sale with information on the tickets
for the Event sold, i.e. a list of tickets sold, including
identification of the Buyers (to the extent necessary for the Promoter
to enable the Buyers' entrance in case of e.g. a technical problem with
the unique ticket identifier). If Trisbee and the Promoter agree so,
Trisbee shall also provide the Promoter with a mobile application
ensuring check-in of the Buyers at the event.

**3.7.** Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, the Promoter shall
pay to Trisbee a fee of 4% of the price of each ticket sold plus the
relevant VAT rate (hereinafter referred to as the "**Remuneration**")
for having arranged the tickets sale and for having promoted the Event
on its goforboom.com website. The Trisbee's Remuneration shall be
payable upon repayment in full of the ticket price by the Buyer. The
Promoter hereby expressly agrees that Trisbee deducts and retains the
Remuneration from the amount paid for the ticket by the Buyer and
credited to the Trisbee's bank account. The statement of the
Remuneration in the form of a proper tax invoice shall be submitted by
Trisbee to the Promoter without undue delay after final settlement of
financial claims between the Parties (after the Event takes place,
including if changed or cancelled).

**3.8.** Trisbee shall provide the Promoter with regular updates on the
status of tickets for the Promoter\'s Event(s) sold, thus on the agreed
dates and in the agreed form (e.g. in the form of a shared spreadsheet
or an updated table sent by e-mail).

**3.9.** By concluding this contract, Trisbee and the Promoter have
agreed that the amount corresponding to the Buyers\' payments for
tickets received by Trisbee, after deducting the Remuneration, shall be
sent to the Promoter within 10 working days upon conclusion of the Event
to the bank account notified thereby to Trisbee for this purpose,
including, where appropriate, the variable symbol by which the
transaction is to be identified. If the Promoter who is a VAT payer
indicates a bank account that is not registered for VAT register
purposes, Trisbee shall be entitled to refuse repayment of the funds
according to the previous sentence until the Promoter confirms to
Trisbee a bank account number registered for VAT register purposes and
Trisbee shall repay the funds designated for the Promoter to this
account. In the event of force majeure, Trisbee shall be entitled to
extend the period referred to in the first sentence of this provision to
up to 30 working days. It is possible to derogate from this provision by
agreement of both Parties.

**3.10.** If the Parties agree so, Trisbee shall pay to the Promoter
from the funds under Article 3.9. of these Terms and Conditions, a
deposit on the monetary benefit (hereinafter referred to as the
"**Deposit**") in the amount agreed by the Parties. Repayment of the
Deposit to the Promoter may be subject to the provision of security
requested by Trisbee. If the Event, which the Deposit was paid for to
the Promoter, does not take place or is changed, the Promoter shall be
obliged to return the entire Deposit to the bank account it was
transferred from without delay and no later than 3 days from the date of
the Event change or cancellation. If the Promoter does not do so in time
and properly, it shall pay Trisbee a contractual penalty of 0,1% of the
amount of the Deposit due per each day of the delay.

**3.11.** In case an Event is cancelled (for any reason) or changed
(e.g. change in the date of the Event), the Parties undertake to first
settle any claims by the Buyers and, depending on the settlement, no
later than 2 months after the initially scheduled date of the Event, the
Parties shall settle payments from the tickets sale and Trisbee
Remuneration. Both Parties agree that this provision is in particular
justified by the Promoter\'s right to change conditions of an Event at
any time or to cancel an Event, which is subsequently associated with
the Buyers' claims for refund of the ticket price or any other Buyers'
claims, including those exercised through Trisbee.

**3.12.** If a Buyer's justified claim for refund of the repaid ticket
price for a specific Promoter's Event according to the previous
provision hereof (Article 3.11.) is exercised by the Buyer with Trisbee,
Trisbee shall be entitled, though not obliged, to settle the Buyer\'s
claim itself, and shall notify the Promoter of the Buyer\'s claim
processing without undue delay. To settle such a claim, Trisbee is
entitled to use all the Buyers\' payments received for the specific
Promoter's Event after deducting the Remuneration or, if the payments
would not be enough to settle the claim, Trisbee is entitled to use
funds from payments received in connection with another Event of the
same Promoter. For the purposes of this provision, a claim settlement
shall mean returning of the entrance fee to the Buyer or issuing of a
voucher for purchase of ticket(s) for another event which Trisbee
mediates the sale of tickets for (regardless of who organizes the event)
in the appropriate amount. In such a case, Trisbee shall not obliged to
send to the Promoter the Buyers' payments as set under Article 3.9.
hereof in the amount of the refunded tickets to the Buyers (or up to the
amount of issued vouchers for the purchase of tickets).

**3.13.** In the event that the Buyer complains about a payment
transaction - purchase of a ticket for the Promoter\'s Event made
through Trisbee - with the Buyer's bank, which finds the complaint
justified (e.g. due to theft of the payment card or misuse thereof) and
cancels the payment transaction, as a result of which the bank deducts
the amount corresponding to the ticket price for the Promoter\'s Event
from Trisbee\'s bank account, Trisbee shall be entitled to demand from
the Promoter compensation for the amount thus deducted, including any
costs associated with cancellation of the payment transaction. For these
purposes, Trisbee may use the funds paid by Buyers for tickets to the
Promoter\'s Event(s), if they have not already been sent to the
Promoter. Otherwise, or if these funds are not sufficient, the Promoter
is obliged to transfer the amount in question to the Trisbee's bank
account without undue delay upon the Trisbee's call for payment.

**3.14.** If an Event organized by the Promoter does not take place or
is changed, this does not affect Trisbee\'s right to the agreed
Remuneration for arranging of the ticket sales in the amount determined
by the actual number of tickets sold through Trisbee, except when events
beyond control occurred. In case that the cancellation of an Event or
change of the date thereof occurs as a result of events beyond the
Promoter\'s control (so-called force majeure) and, as a result of such
events, the Buyer becomes entitled to a refund, the Promoter shall not
be obliged to pay to Trisbee the Remuneration related to the refunded
tickets for arranging of their sale, but instead is obliged to pay to
Trisbee an administrative fee of 2% + the appropriate VAT on the price
of each ticket that the Buyer claimed a refund of the entrance fee for
and that was refunded to the Buyer by Trisbee or the Promoter (including
in the form of a voucher for purchase of ticket(s) to another event).
The administrative fee represents necessary costs incurred in respect
with arranging of the tickets sale for the canceled or changed
Promoter's Event that the Buyer received refund of the entrance fee or a
voucher for.

**3.15.** The contract between the Parties is concluded for an
indefinite period. Each of the Parties is entitled to terminate the
contract at any time and without giving reasons, provided that as of the
day of delivery of the notice to the other Party runs a notice period of
3 days. The notice period corresponds to the time needed to ensure
termination of the ticket sales mediation on the part of Trisbee.

**3.16.** The termination of the contractual relationship between
Trisbee and the Promoter does not terminate the obligations of the
Parties arisen until the termination of the contractual relationship. In
particular, Trisbee\'s right to the Remuneration and/or the right to
repayment of the administrative fee pursuant to Article 3.14 herein for
tickets to the Event, the sale of which was mediated by Trisbee until
the date of the contract termination, does not expire.

**3.17.** Unless the Parties agree otherwise as of the contract
termination, tickets sold so far through Trisbee shall remain valid even
after the contract termination. In case the Parties agree that the
tickets sold through Trisbee before the date of termination of the
contract become invalidated, the Parties shall notify all Buyers
concerned by email (and by SMS, where possible) to the email addresses
specified by the Buyers when purchasing the tickets and, at the same
time, shall inform the Buyers on how and on which date their right to a
refund of the paid ticket price is to be settled. In this case, the
parties are obliged to agree at the termination of the contract on the
specific manner in which the Buyers\' right to a refund of the ticket
price will be settled. If the Parties fail to do so, the Promoter shall
be fully responsible to the Buyers for settlement of all claims.

**3.18.** For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties confirm that no
obligation herein is a fixed obligation in the sense of the provisions
of Section 1980 of Act No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code.

**3.19.** By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, the Promoter
confirms to be fully responsible to the Buyers for any damage they may
have incurred in connection with an Event, as well as in connection with
a possible change of an Event, cancellation thereof or invalidation of
tickets purchased by Buyers.

**3.20.** All information communicated between Trisbee and the Promoter
within the framework of their contractual relationship concerning the
mediation of ticket sales, as well as the individual provisions of these
Terms and Conditions shall be considered confidential by both Parties
and therefore subject to trade secrecy. In the event that the Promoter
breaches this confidentiality obligation, Trisbee shall be entitled to a
contractual penalty of CZK 100,000 for each single breach of the
obligation.

## **SECTION 4 - FURTHER RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS**

**4.1. Personal Data Processing**

**4.1.1.** Trisbee and the Promoter shall jointly process personal data
of the Buyers for the purpose of selling tickets and in order to ensure
proper implementation of the Event. Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the
protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal
data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
95/46/EC (hereinafter referred to as the "**GDPR**"), Trisbee and the
Promoter act as joint administrators and fulfill their obligation under
Article 26 of the GDPR. Trisbee is identified in Article 1.1. paragraph
1 of these Terms and Conditions and the Promoter is identified in the
description of the Event for which Trisbee mediates the sale of tickets.

**4.1.2.** The Parties shall process personal data for the following
specific purposes:

a. fulfillment of obligations from the concluded Contract on Ticket Purchase - the ticket payment receipt, the ticket delivery and/or the unique ticket identifier, information on changes to the Event (if applicable), checking of the ticket at the entrance to the Event, settlement of a complaint (if applicable);

b. legitimate interests of Trisbee and the Promoter - settlement of a Buyer\'s complaint, prevention and detection of possible fraud, defense against potential exercise of a Buyer\'s claim related to the sale of tickets;

c. sending commercial communications and newsletters from Trisbee or the Promoter if the Buyer gives explicit consent thereto when purchasing ticket(s) - the Buyer may revoke this consent at any time in accordance with the procedure set out in each sent commercial communication.

**4.1.3.** The personal data processed are the Buyers' personal data
obtained by Trisbee when the Buyers purchase tickets, specifically their
name, surname, e-mail and telephone number, and any other data required
by the Promoter, which are necessary for the Event to be held or which
must be verified with the Buyer to enable participation thereof at the
Event (e.g. age).

**4.1.4.** Trisbee is entitled to provide the Buyers' personal data to
the Promoter, for the purposes of fulfilling the ticket sale contract
and for the purposes of processing due to the Promoter's legitimate
interest or, with the Buyer\'s consent, for the purpose of sending news.
Trisbee is also entitled to provide the Buyers' personal data to
entities legally entitled to request such data.

**4.1.5.** Trisbee consistently ensures technical and organizational
security of all the Buyers\' personal data obtained in internal systems,
doing so through electronic security tools, granting of access rights,
anti-virus protection, security backups and granting of access to data
to authorized persons only.

**4.1.6.** The Promoter and Trisbee undertake to comply with all
standards of technical and organizational securing of the processed
personal data protection, thus for the entire period that they are
entitled to process such Buyers' personal data. Specifically, the
Promoter and Trisbee undertake to adhere to the following rules:

a. to ensure electronic security and anti-virus protection of all devices through which the Buyers' personal data are processed;

b. the Buyers\' personal data shall not be stored by the authorized persons of Trisbee or the Promoter on such person's devices or exported from internal systems thereof, unless this is strictly indispensable for implementation of the Event;

c. the personal data processed must never be stored on information media that could be accessed by third parties;

d. the personal data processed may not be provided or otherwise made available to third parties;

e. all persons who come into contact with the processed personal data must always be properly instructed and bound by confidentiality (which shall continue to apply after termination of the activity performed for Trisbee or the Promoter);

f. access to devices and storage spaces where personal data are processed must be password protected;

g. only Trisbee's or the Promoter's employees, whose job classification requires so and who are trained for the processing of personal data, shall have access rights to the devices and storage space with the Buyers' personal data. These employees will only have access to the personal data in the extent corresponding to the access rights thereof;

h. Trisbee as well as the Promoter shall follow their own internal rules governing organizational and technical measures and procedures, and related obligations of Trisbee's and the Promoter's employees, the purpose of which is to ensure security of the processed personal data.

**4.1.7.** The Promoter acknowledges that the processing of the Buyers'
personal data is governed by the provisions of this Section 4.1. of
Terms and Conditions and confirms to have acquainted therewith. The
Promoter undertakes to comply with all obligations concerning the
protection of the Buyers' personal data arising from these Terms and
Conditions and undertakes not to act in breach of the protection of
personal data relating to the Buyers.

**4.1.8.** The Promoter is not entitled to process the Buyer\'s personal
data for purposes other than the sale of tickets, proper holding of the
Event, possible settlement of a Buyer\'s complaint or exercise of the
Promoter\'s legitimate interests. In the case of a Buyer\'s express
consent, the Promoter is entitled to process the Buyer\'s personal data
for the purpose of sending commercial communications and newsletters.
For the purposes of sending commercial offers, Trisbee and the Promoter
shall not act as joint administrators within the meaning of Article 26
of the GDPR and the processing of the Buyers' personal data shall take
place at the Promoter\'s own responsibility.

**4.1.9.** Both Trisbee and the Promoter fully respect the Buyers'
rights arising from the GDPR:

- **Right of access to data** - to the extent guaranteed by

  legislation on personal data protection, the Buyers may request
  access to their personal data - information on whether Trisbee or
  the Promoter works therewith, what specific data they process and
  how,

- **Right of rectification** - the Buyers may request rectification of

  incorrect data or completion of incomplete data or provision of
  additional consent,

- **Right to restriction of processing** - under established statutory

  conditions, the data shall not be deleted, but Trisbee/Promoter
  shall not further process them (for example, under circumstances
  of determining legitimate interest in processing prevailing over
  the request to delete personal data),

- **Right of erasure** - whenever relevant statutory conditions are

  met (for example, when the consent to the personal data processing
  has been revoked, when the personal data processing is no longer
  necessary, when the legitimate interest in the processing has
  passed, etc.),

- **Right to object against processing** - the right to object to the

  existence of a reason for the specific processing of personal data
  (the objection needs to be specified),

- **Right to data portability** - the right to request Trisbee or the
  Promoter as the personal data controllers to transfer the personal
  data, if technically feasible, to another personal data
  controller.

**4.1.10.** Both Trisbee and the Promoter are obliged to take such
measures as to prevent unauthorized or accidental access to the Buyers\'
personal data, their change, destruction or loss, unauthorized
transfers, their other unauthorized processing, as well as other misuse
of personal data. This obligation applies even after the processing of
the personal data has been completed. The Parties undertake to notify
each other without delay about all and any cases of accidental or
unauthorized access to the Buyers\' personal data.

**4.1.11.** Trisbee and the Promoter are jointly and severally liable to
the data subjects concerned for all and any breaches of the personal
data processing obligations. The liability for administrative offences
in the processing of personal data of Trisbee and the Promoter towards
the Office for Personal Data Protection is governed by the relevant
provisions of the GDPR. The Promoter is fully liable to Trisbee for any
damage suffered thereby due to a breach of the Promoter\'s obligations
related to the processing of the Buyers\' personal data set by the GDPR.

**4.1.12.** The Buyers' personal data shall be kept by Trisbee and the
Promoter only until the Event is held, or until a Buyer\'s claims
arising from participation in the Event are settled, or for a longer
period of time if required so by law or necessary due to Trisbee's or
the Promoter's legitimate interest, e.g. for the purpose of settling or
exercising the claims thereof. If the lawful reason for the processing
ceases to exist, both Trisbee and the Promoter shall delete the relevant
personal data. If a Buyer gives consent to the processing of personal
data for a purpose other than the performance of the contract (e.g. for
sending commercial communications or newsletters), Trisbee shall process
such personal data until the consent gets revoked, however not for more
than 3 years.

**4.1.13.** Upon termination of the cooperation with Trisbee, the
Promoter shall stop processing the Buyers' personal data taken over from
Trisbee in connection with mediation of the tickets sale and proper
implementation of the Event and that the Promoter no longer needs for
this purpose.

**4.1.14.** To exercise any of the rights provided by applicable law,
the Buyer may contact Trisbee by phone at +420 774 140 044, or in
writing by email at
[[support\@goforboom.com]](mailto:support@goforboom.com), or in person
at Trisbee premises: Kamenická 33, 170 00 Prague 7. If you believe that
the processing Your personal data is violating the law, you have the
right to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority (in
the Czech Republic - Office for Personal Data Protection, Pplk. Sochora
27, 170 00 Prague 7, [www.uoou.cz](http://www.uoou.cz/)).

**4.1.15.** The Parties' legal relations concerning personal data
processing, which are not regulated in this section of the Terms and
Conditions, are governed by the relevant provisions of the GDPR and
other relevant legislation of the Czech Republic.

### **4.2. Disputes**

In case of any disputes arisen between the Promoter and a Buyer (as a
consumer) in connection with the purchase of ticket(s) for an Event
organized by the Promoter, or in connection with the Event itself, which
cannot be resolved by mutual agreement of the Parties, the consumer may
address an entity authorized for out-of-court settlement of consumer
disputes, which in this case is the Czech Trade Inspection, Central
Inspectorate - ADR Department, Štěpánská 567/15, 120 00 Prague 2. The
Buyer may also take advantage of the European Online Dispute Resolution
Platform at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ set up by the European
Commission.

###

### **4.3. Final Provisions**

**4.3.1.** Trisbee has the right to amend these Terms and Conditions at
any time, doing so even unilaterally. In such a case Trisbee shall
notify both the Buyers and Promoters of the amendment and the
effectiveness thereof on the Trisbee ticket sales website or by email.
Any amendment shall take effect two months after the date of
notification thereof, unless Trisbee specifies a later effect in the
notification. No amendment applies to tickets to an Event already
purchased.

**4.3.2.** All legal relationships established based on or in connection
with these Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Czech
Republic, regardless of where the purchase of tickets by the Buyer was
made or where the Promoter has its registered office.

**4.3.3.** If any of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions is or
becomes invalid or ineffective, such invalid/ineffective provision shall
be replaced by a provision the meaning of which is as close as possible
to the economic purpose of the invalid or ineffective provision.
Invalidity or ineffectiveness of any provision shall in no way affect
the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions. Invalidity or
ineffectiveness of a provision in a sole relation to a particular entity
or group of entities shall in no way affect the validity and
effectiveness of this provision in relation to other entities.

**4.3.4.** All and any notifications between the Parties shall be made
via e-mails, by telephone (according to the contact details provided to
the other party) or, if necessary, by notification in the Trisbee app.

**4.3.5.** The Parties hereby exclude application of the following
provisions of Act No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code: § 557, § 1799 and §
1800 (in the case of a contractual relationship between Trisbee and an
entrepreneur), § 1805 para. 2 and § 1936 para. 1.

These Terms and Conditions enter into force and take effect on 1 August 2020.

#

## **Cookies**

## **(1) What are cookies?**

Cookies are small data files stored in the memory of your browser or device while browsing a website. They are stored in your browser by the visited websites. They are necessary for certain website features, such as logging in. Thanks to cookies, the sites or applications also remember various settings, such as language, fonts and other options you have chosen for the site display. That is the reason why we place cookies on your device.

Cookies can be divided into two categories **according to their durability** :

**The short-term &quot;session cookies&quot;** remain in your browser or device until you close your browser or application, after which they are deleted.

**The long-term &quot;persistent cookies&quot;** remain stored in the browser or device for a long time (depending on your browser settings and the settings of the cookies themselves) or until you delete them manually. Thanks to these cookies, the user&#39;s device can be identified when the web browser or application is restarted. In no case cookies affect technical use of your device and contain viruses.

Cookies can be divided into two categories **depending on who creates and processes them** :

**First party cookies** are created directly by a website or scripts in the same domain. These most often serve to ensure basic functionalities of the website or application.

**Third party cookies** are most often those of advertising systems, social network widgets or embedded videos.

## **(2) What cookies do we use?**

**We mainly use technical cookies\*\*** (first party and session cookies)\*\* that are necessary to ensure basic functionalities of the websites, applications, or other services, such as saving of the selected language version.

**We also use\*\*** Google tools, such as Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Google Tag Manager (first party and persistent cookies)\*\* in order to gather data and generate statistics on users&#39; behavior so that we can better tailor our services. The data are assessed in the bulk and therefore anonymous form preventing personal identification.

You can also use the websites in a mode disallowing collection of data about your behavior - just set up your browser, or raise an objection to the data collection based on the legitimate interest, doing so by email sent to **support@trisbee.com**.

We will process your objection without undue delay, not later than in a month. In exceptional cases, especially due to the complexity of your request, we are entitled to extend this period by another two months. We would nevertheless inform you about such an extension, including the justification thereof.

However, in case you object to the processing of technical cookies needed for the website functionality, we cannot guarantee full functionality and compatibility of our website.

**We never use cookies to identify you personally and we never place sensitive or personal data therein.**

## **(3) Why do we process cookies?**

1. **To ensure full functionality and usability of our website** - cookies required to ensure the full functionality and usability of our website (so-called technical cookies).
2. **To facilitate browsing of our website** – cookies that are not absolutely necessary for the full functioning of the website, nevertheless improving the users&#39; experience.
3. **In our legitimate interest** - using cookies, we measure traffic and keep statistics about your behavior on the website. We can monitor and improve the functionality and security of our website, application and other services.
4. **To customize advertising and marketing messages** - we tailor advertising and its targeting to your needs or use cookies for retargeting.

In order to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies, we have security measures in place wherever necessary. The unique identifier ensures that the access to the cookies data is available only to us and/or to the authorized service provider.

All personal data that we collect and store using these technologies for purposes in the categories 2 to 4 above depend on your consent, asked for in the form of an explicit message displayed on our website on your first visit. The consent may be revoked in your browser settings anytime.

## **(4) How to adjust the use of cookies?**

You can delete all cookies previously stored in your device. Most browsers also offer the option of blocking the placement of cookies into your device – however, keep in mind that such blocking or deactivating of cookies results in the loss of the monitoring tool feature, which may adversely affect your overall viewing experience. Detailed information on the settings for storing of cookies in your browser or device can be found on the website of the specific browser provider. Information on how to set up your browser and restrict or enable processing of cookies can be for instance found [here](https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-cookies/).

## **(5) How long will we process the data?**

Data from cookies intended for the traffic measuring and for operation of the website or application are stored only for the time strictly necessary for the operation of the website and for the statistical purposes. The individual cookies storage and processing periods (including for marketing purposes) are governed by the terms and conditions of the service specifically used (see point 6 below). You can withdraw your consent to the use of cookies at any time by simply changing the settings of your web browser, or by contacting us at **support@trisbee.com**.

##

## **(6) Who is authorized to access cookies data?**

The collected cookies are processed by the following data processors:

- Google Analytics, operated by Google Inc., with registered office at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
- Google Adwords, operated by Google Inc., with registered office at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
- Google Tag Manager, operated by Google Inc., with registered office at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
- Sklik, operated by Seznam.cz, a.s., Commercial Id. No.: 26168685, with registered office at Prague 5 – Smíchov, Radlická 3294/10, PSČ 150 00
- Facebook, with registered office at 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States

The above data processors process cookies in accordance with their terms and conditions providing for handling of personal data.

These policies for the use of cookies come into force and take effect from 1 August 2020.
