**Cookies**
===========

**(1) What are cookies?**
-------------------------

Cookies are small data files stored in the memory of your browser or
device while browsing a website. They are stored in your browser by the
visited websites. They are necessary for certain website features, such
as logging in. Thanks to cookies, the sites or applications also
remember various settings, such as language, fonts and other options you
have chosen for the site display. That is the reason why we place
cookies on your device.

Cookies can be divided into two categories **according to their
durability**:

**The short-term “session cookies”** remain in your browser or device
until you close your browser or application, after which they are
deleted.

**The long-term “persistent cookies”** remain stored in the browser or
device for a long time (depending on your browser settings and the
settings of the cookies themselves) or until you delete them manually.
Thanks to these cookies, the user's device can be identified when the
web browser or application is restarted. In no case cookies affect
technical use of your device and contain viruses.

Cookies can be divided into two categories **depending on who creates
and processes them**:

**First party cookies** are created directly by a website or scripts in
the same domain. These most often serve to ensure basic functionalities
of the website or application.

**Third party cookies** are most often those of advertising systems,
social network widgets or embedded videos.

**(2) What cookies do we use?**
-------------------------------

**We mainly use technical cookies** **(first party and session
cookies)** that are necessary to ensure basic functionalities of the
websites, applications, or other services, such as saving of the
selected language version.

**We also use** **Google tools, such as Google Analytics, Google
Adwords, Google Tag Manager (first party and persistent cookies)** in
order to gather data and generate statistics on users’ behavior so that
we can better tailor our services. The data are assessed in the bulk and
therefore anonymous form preventing personal identification.

You can also use the websites in a mode disallowing collection of data
about your behavior - just set up your browser, or raise an objection to
the data collection based on the legitimate interest, doing so by email
sent to **support@trisbee.com**.

We will process your objection without undue delay, not later than in a
month. In exceptional cases, especially due to the complexity of your
request, we are entitled to extend this period by another two months. We
would nevertheless inform you about such an extension, including the
justification thereof.

However, in case you object to the processing of technical cookies
needed for the website functionality, we cannot guarantee full
functionality and compatibility of our website.

**We never use cookies to identify you personally and we never place
sensitive or personal data therein.**

**(3) Why do we process cookies?**
----------------------------------

1.  **To ensure full functionality and usability of our website** - cookies required to ensure the full functionality and usability of our website (so-called technical cookies).

2.  **To facilitate browsing of our website** – cookies that are not absolutely necessary for the full functioning of the website, nevertheless improving the users’ experience.

3.  **In our legitimate interest** - using cookies, we measure traffic and keep statistics about your behavior on the website. We can monitor and improve the functionality and security of our website, application and other services.

4.  **To customize advertising and marketing messages** - we tailor advertising and its targeting to your needs or use cookies for retargeting.

In order to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar
technologies, we have security measures in place wherever necessary. The
unique identifier ensures that the access to the cookies data is
available only to us and/or to the authorized service provider.

All personal data that we collect and store using these technologies for
purposes in the categories 2 to 4 above depend on your consent, asked
for in the form of an explicit message displayed on our website on your
first visit. The consent may be revoked in your browser settings
anytime.

**(4) How to adjust the use of cookies?**
-----------------------------------------

You can delete all cookies previously stored in your device. Most
browsers also offer the option of blocking the placement of cookies into
your device – however, keep in mind that such blocking or deactivating
of cookies results in the loss of the monitoring tool feature, which may
adversely affect your overall viewing experience. Detailed information
on the settings for storing of cookies in your browser or device can be
found on the website of the specific browser provider. Information on
how to set up your browser and restrict or enable processing of cookies
can be for instance found
[*here*](https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-cookies/).

**(5) How long will we process the data?**
------------------------------------------

Data from cookies intended for the traffic measuring and for operation
of the website or application are stored only for the time strictly
necessary for the operation of the website and for the statistical
purposes. The individual cookies storage and processing periods
(including for marketing purposes) are governed by the terms and
conditions of the service specifically used (see point 6 below). You can
withdraw your consent to the use of cookies at any time by simply
changing the settings of your web browser, or by contacting us at
**support@trisbee.com**.

**(6) Who is authorized to access cookies data?**
-------------------------------------------------

The collected cookies are processed by the following data processors:

-   Google Analytics, operated by Google Inc., with registered office at
    1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

-   Google Adwords, operated by Google Inc., with registered office at
    1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

-   Google Tag Manager, operated by Google Inc., with registered office
    at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

-   Sklik, operated by Seznam.cz, a.s., Commercial Id. No.: 26168685,
    with registered office at Prague 5 – Smíchov, Radlická 3294/10, PSČ
    150 00

-   Facebook, with registered office at 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA
    94025, United States

The above data processors process cookies in accordance with their terms
and conditions providing for handling of personal data.

<span id="_heading=h.2s8eyo1" class="anchor"></span>These policies for
the use of cookies come into force and take effect from 1 December 2020.
